PG***
GAAP Net Loss Per Share is $(0.64) in fourth quarter 2023 @@@
Cash And Cash Equivalents is $939902 T in fourth quarter 2023 @@@
GAAP Gross Profit is $383355 T in fourth quarter 2023 @@@
GAAP Gross Margin is 65.08% in fourth quarter 2023 @@@


Product revenue of $555.3 million in the fourth quarter, representing 54% year-over-year growth. Remaining performance obligations of $3.7 billion, representing 38% year-over-year growth. 7,828 total customers. Net revenue retention rate of 158%. 330 customers with trailing 12-month product revenue greater than $1 million. Authorized a $2.0 billion stock repurchase program.

No-Headquarters/BOZEMAN, Mont., March 01, 2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Snowflake (NYSE: SNOW), the Data Cloud company, today announced financial results for its fourth quarter and full-year of fiscal 2023, ended January 31, 2023. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230301005376/en/. Snowflake Q4 and Full Year FY23 Infographic (Graphic: Snowflake).

Revenue for the quarter was $589.0 million, representing 53% year-over-year growth. Product revenue for the quarter was $555.3 million, representing 54% year-over-year growth. Remaining performance obligations were $3.7 billion, representing 38% year-over-year growth. Net revenue retention rate was 158% as of January 31, 2023. The company now has 7,828 total customers and 330 customers with trailing 12-month product revenue greater than $1 million. See the section titled "Key Business Metrics" for definitions of product revenue, remaining performance obligations, net revenue retention rate, total customers, and customers with trailing 12-month product revenue greater than $1 million.

CS*** "Snowflake finished fiscal 2023 with 70% year-over-year product revenue growth, totaling $1.9 billion. Non-GAAP adjusted free cash flow margin for the year was 25%," said Frank Slootman, Chairman and CEO, Snowflake. "We are operating in a vast and growing market, prioritizing capabilities that support the core mission of the enterprise, and staying on track for our $10 billion product revenue goal in fiscal 2029.".


SCHQ*** Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 GAAP and Non-GAAP Results:.

The following table summarizes our financial results for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023:.

Product Revenue in GAAP Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Results Amount(millions) is $555.3 MN .
Product Revenue in GAAP Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Results Year/yeargrowth is 54% .
Product Gross Profit in GAAP Amount(millions) Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Results is $396.7 MN .
Product Gross Profit in GAAP Margin Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Results is 71% .
Product Gross Profit in Non-GAAP Amount(millions) Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Results is $416.4 MN .
Product Gross Profit in Non-GAAP Margin Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Results is 75% .
Operating Income (loss) in GAAP Amount(millions) Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Results is ($239.8) MN .
Operating Income (loss) in GAAP Margin Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Results is (41%) .
Operating Income (loss) in Non-GAAP Amount(millions) Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Results is $32.8 MN .
Operating Income (loss) in Non-GAAP Margin Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Results is 6% .
Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities in GAAP Amount(millions) Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Results is $217.3 MN .
Free Cash Flow in Non-GAAP Amount(millions) Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Results is $205.3 MN .
Free Cash Flow in Non-GAAP Margin Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Results is 35% .
Adjusted Free Cash Flow in Non-GAAP Amount(millions) Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Results is $215.3 MN .
Adjusted Free Cash Flow in Non-GAAP Margin Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Results is 37% .
We Report Non-GAAP Financial Measures In Addition To, And Not As A Substitute For, Or Superior To, Financial Measures Calculated In Accordance With GAAP. See The Section Titled "statement Regarding Use Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" For An Explanation Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, And The Table Titled "gaap To Non-GAAP Reconciliations" For A Reconciliation Of GAAP To Non-GAAP Financial Measures.note Fiscal Year Ends January . Numbers Are Rounded For Presentation Purposes. in GAAP Amount(millions) Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Results is $(1) We report non-GAAP financial measures in addition to  and not as a substitute for or superior to  financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. See the section titled "Statement Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures and the table titled "GAAP to  Non-GAAP Reconciliations" for a reconciliation of GAAP to  non-GAAP financial measures.Note: Fiscal year ends January 31. Numbers are rounded for presentation purposes. MN .
We Report Non-GAAP Financial Measures In Addition To, And Not As A Substitute For, Or Superior To, Financial Measures Calculated In Accordance With GAAP. See The Section Titled "statement Regarding Use Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" For An Explanation Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, And The Table Titled "gaap To Non-GAAP Reconciliations" For A Reconciliation Of GAAP To Non-GAAP Financial Measures.note Fiscal Year Ends January . Numbers Are Rounded For Presentation Purposes. in GAAP Margin Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Results is (1) We report non-GAAP financial measures in addition% to  and not as a substitute for or superior to  financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. See the section titled "Statement Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures and the table titled "GAAP to  Non-GAAP Reconciliations" for a reconciliation of GAAP to  non-GAAP financial measures.Note: Fiscal year ends January 31. Numbers are rounded for presentation purposes.% .
We Report Non-GAAP Financial Measures In Addition To, And Not As A Substitute For, Or Superior To, Financial Measures Calculated In Accordance With GAAP. See The Section Titled "statement Regarding Use Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" For An Explanation Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, And The Table Titled "gaap To Non-GAAP Reconciliations" For A Reconciliation Of GAAP To Non-GAAP Financial Measures.note Fiscal Year Ends January . Numbers Are Rounded For Presentation Purposes. in Non-GAAP Amount(millions) Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Results is $(1) We report non-GAAP financial measures in addition to  and not as a substitute for or superior to  financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. See the section titled "Statement Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures and the table titled "GAAP to  Non-GAAP Reconciliations" for a reconciliation of GAAP to  non-GAAP financial measures.Note: Fiscal year ends January 31. Numbers are rounded for presentation purposes. MN .
We Report Non-GAAP Financial Measures In Addition To, And Not As A Substitute For, Or Superior To, Financial Measures Calculated In Accordance With GAAP. See The Section Titled "statement Regarding Use Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" For An Explanation Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, And The Table Titled "gaap To Non-GAAP Reconciliations" For A Reconciliation Of GAAP To Non-GAAP Financial Measures.note Fiscal Year Ends January . Numbers Are Rounded For Presentation Purposes. in Non-GAAP Margin Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Results is (1) We report non-GAAP financial measures in addition% to  and not as a substitute for or superior to  financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. See the section titled "Statement Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures and the table titled "GAAP to  Non-GAAP Reconciliations" for a reconciliation of GAAP to  non-GAAP financial measures.Note: Fiscal year ends January 31. Numbers are rounded for presentation purposes.% .


SCHF*** Full-Year Fiscal 2023 GAAP and Non-GAAP Results:. The following table summarizes our financial results for the full-year fiscal 2023:.

Product Revenue in GAAP Full-year Fiscal 2023 Results Amount(millions) is $1938.8 MN .
Product Revenue in GAAP Full-year Fiscal 2023 Results Year/yeargrowth is 70% .
Product Gross Profit in GAAP Amount(millions) Full-year Fiscal 2023 Results is $1391.2 MN .
Product Gross Profit in GAAP Margin Full-year Fiscal 2023 Results is 72% .
Product Gross Profit in Non-GAAP Amount(millions) Full-year Fiscal 2023 Results is $1457.4 MN .
Product Gross Profit in Non-GAAP Margin Full-year Fiscal 2023 Results is 75% .
Operating Income (loss) in GAAP Amount(millions) Full-year Fiscal 2023 Results is ($842.3) MN .
Operating Income (loss) in GAAP Margin Full-year Fiscal 2023 Results is (41%) .
Operating Income (loss) in Non-GAAP Amount(millions) Full-year Fiscal 2023 Results is $95.3 MN .
Operating Income (loss) in Non-GAAP Margin Full-year Fiscal 2023 Results is 5% .
Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities in GAAP Amount(millions) Full-year Fiscal 2023 Results is $545.6 MN .
Free Cash Flow in Non-GAAP Amount(millions) Full-year Fiscal 2023 Results is $496.5 MN .
Free Cash Flow in Non-GAAP Margin Full-year Fiscal 2023 Results is 24% .
Adjusted Free Cash Flow in Non-GAAP Amount(millions) Full-year Fiscal 2023 Results is $520.4 MN .
Adjusted Free Cash Flow in Non-GAAP Margin Full-year Fiscal 2023 Results is 25% .
We Report Non-GAAP Financial Measures In Addition To, And Not As A Substitute For, Or Superior To, Financial Measures Calculated In Accordance With GAAP. See The Section Titled "statement Regarding Use Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" For An Explanation Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, And The Table Titled "gaap To Non-GAAP Reconciliations" For A Reconciliation Of GAAP To Non-GAAP Financial Measures.note Fiscal Year Ends January . Numbers Are Rounded For Presentation Purposes. in GAAP Amount(millions) Full-year Fiscal 2023 Results is $(1) We report non-GAAP financial measures in addition to  and not as a substitute for or superior to  financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. See the section titled "Statement Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures and the table titled "GAAP to  Non-GAAP Reconciliations" for a reconciliation of GAAP to  non-GAAP financial measures.Note: Fiscal year ends January 31. Numbers are rounded for presentation purposes. MN .
We Report Non-GAAP Financial Measures In Addition To, And Not As A Substitute For, Or Superior To, Financial Measures Calculated In Accordance With GAAP. See The Section Titled "statement Regarding Use Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" For An Explanation Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, And The Table Titled "gaap To Non-GAAP Reconciliations" For A Reconciliation Of GAAP To Non-GAAP Financial Measures.note Fiscal Year Ends January . Numbers Are Rounded For Presentation Purposes. in GAAP Margin Full-year Fiscal 2023 Results is (1) We report non-GAAP financial measures in addition% to  and not as a substitute for or superior to  financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. See the section titled "Statement Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures and the table titled "GAAP to  Non-GAAP Reconciliations" for a reconciliation of GAAP to  non-GAAP financial measures.Note: Fiscal year ends January 31. Numbers are rounded for presentation purposes.% .
We Report Non-GAAP Financial Measures In Addition To, And Not As A Substitute For, Or Superior To, Financial Measures Calculated In Accordance With GAAP. See The Section Titled "statement Regarding Use Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" For An Explanation Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, And The Table Titled "gaap To Non-GAAP Reconciliations" For A Reconciliation Of GAAP To Non-GAAP Financial Measures.note Fiscal Year Ends January . Numbers Are Rounded For Presentation Purposes. in Non-GAAP Amount(millions) Full-year Fiscal 2023 Results is $(1) We report non-GAAP financial measures in addition to  and not as a substitute for or superior to  financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. See the section titled "Statement Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures and the table titled "GAAP to  Non-GAAP Reconciliations" for a reconciliation of GAAP to  non-GAAP financial measures.Note: Fiscal year ends January 31. Numbers are rounded for presentation purposes. MN .
We Report Non-GAAP Financial Measures In Addition To, And Not As A Substitute For, Or Superior To, Financial Measures Calculated In Accordance With GAAP. See The Section Titled "statement Regarding Use Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" For An Explanation Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, And The Table Titled "gaap To Non-GAAP Reconciliations" For A Reconciliation Of GAAP To Non-GAAP Financial Measures.note Fiscal Year Ends January . Numbers Are Rounded For Presentation Purposes. in Non-GAAP Margin Full-year Fiscal 2023 Results is (1) We report non-GAAP financial measures in addition% to  and not as a substitute for or superior to  financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. See the section titled "Statement Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures and the table titled "GAAP to  Non-GAAP Reconciliations" for a reconciliation of GAAP to  non-GAAP financial measures.Note: Fiscal year ends January 31. Numbers are rounded for presentation purposes.% .


SCG*** Financial Outlook:.

Our guidance includes GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures.

GQ*** The following table summarizes our guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2024:.

Product Revenue in GAAP First Quarter Fiscal 2024 Guidance Amount(millions) is $568 - $573 MN .
Product Revenue in GAAP First Quarter Fiscal 2024 Guidance Year/yeargrowth is 44% - 45% .
Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Income Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted in Non-GAAP First Quarter Fiscal 2024 Guidance is 361 .
We Report Non-GAAP Financial Measures In Addition To, And Not As A Substitute For, Or Superior To, Financial Measures Calculated In Accordance With GAAP. See The Section Titled "statement Regarding Use Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" For An Explanation Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. We May Have Non-GAAP Net Income Attributable To Snowflake Inc. For The First Quarter Of Fiscal . As A Result, We Are Presenting The Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Income Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted In The Non-GAAP Column Of The Table Above, Giving Effect To All Potentially Dilutive Securities (stock Options, Restricted Stock Units, And Employee Stock Purchase Rights Under Our Employee Stock Purchase Plan). These Potentially Dilutive Securities Would Be Excluded From The Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Loss Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted If We Have Non-GAAP Net Loss Attributable To Snowflake Inc. In Addition, The Potential Impact Of Our Stock Repurchase Program Is Not Reflected In Our Guidance For Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Income Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted Due To The Uncertainty Regarding, And The Potential Variability Of, The Timing And Amount Of Repurchases. in GAAP First Quarter Fiscal 2024 Guidance is (1) We report non-GAAP financial measures in addition MN to  and not as a substitute for or superior to  financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. See the section titled "Statement Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures.(2) We may have non-GAAP net income attributable to  Snowflake Inc. for the first quarter of fiscal 2024. As a result we are presenting the weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable to  Snowflake Inc. common sto ckholders - diluted in the non-GAAP column of the table above giving effect to all potentially dilutive securities (s MN to ck options restricted s MN to ck units and employee s MN to ck purchase rights under our 2020 Employee S MN to ck Purchase Plan). These potentially dilutive securities would be excluded from the weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable MN to Snowflake Inc. common s MN to ckholders - diluted if we have non-GAAP net loss attributable MN to Snowflake Inc. In addition the potential impact of our s MN to ck repurchase program is not reflected in our guidance for weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable MN to Snowflake Inc. common s MN to ckholders - diluted due MN to the uncertainty regarding and the potential variability of the timing and amount of repurchases. MN  .
We Report Non-GAAP Financial Measures In Addition To, And Not As A Substitute For, Or Superior To, Financial Measures Calculated In Accordance With GAAP. See The Section Titled "statement Regarding Use Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" For An Explanation Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. We May Have Non-GAAP Net Income Attributable To Snowflake Inc. For The First Quarter Of Fiscal . As A Result, We Are Presenting The Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Income Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted In The Non-GAAP Column Of The Table Above, Giving Effect To All Potentially Dilutive Securities (stock Options, Restricted Stock Units, And Employee Stock Purchase Rights Under Our Employee Stock Purchase Plan). These Potentially Dilutive Securities Would Be Excluded From The Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Loss Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted If We Have Non-GAAP Net Loss Attributable To Snowflake Inc. In Addition, The Potential Impact Of Our Stock Repurchase Program Is Not Reflected In Our Guidance For Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Income Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted Due To The Uncertainty Regarding, And The Potential Variability Of, The Timing And Amount Of Repurchases. in Non-GAAP First Quarter Fiscal 2024 Guidance is (1) We report non-GAAP financial measures in addition MN to  and not as a substitute for or superior to  financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. See the section titled "Statement Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures.(2) We may have non-GAAP net income attributable to  Snowflake Inc. for the first quarter of fiscal 2024. As a result we are presenting the weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable to  Snowflake Inc. common sto ckholders - diluted in the non-GAAP column of the table above giving effect to all potentially dilutive securities (s MN to ck options restricted s MN to ck units and employee s MN to ck purchase rights under our 2020 Employee S MN to ck Purchase Plan). These potentially dilutive securities would be excluded from the weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable MN to Snowflake Inc. common s MN to ckholders - diluted if we have non-GAAP net loss attributable MN to Snowflake Inc. In addition the potential impact of our s MN to ck repurchase program is not reflected in our guidance for weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable MN to Snowflake Inc. common s MN to ckholders - diluted due MN to the uncertainty regarding and the potential variability of the timing and amount of repurchases. MN  .
We Report Non-GAAP Financial Measures In Addition To, And Not As A Substitute For, Or Superior To, Financial Measures Calculated In Accordance With GAAP. See The Section Titled "statement Regarding Use Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" For An Explanation Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. We May Have Non-GAAP Net Income Attributable To Snowflake Inc. For The First Quarter Of Fiscal . As A Result, We Are Presenting The Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Income Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted In The Non-GAAP Column Of The Table Above, Giving Effect To All Potentially Dilutive Securities (stock Options, Restricted Stock Units, And Employee Stock Purchase Rights Under Our Employee Stock Purchase Plan). These Potentially Dilutive Securities Would Be Excluded From The Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Loss Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted If We Have Non-GAAP Net Loss Attributable To Snowflake Inc. In Addition, The Potential Impact Of Our Stock Repurchase Program Is Not Reflected In Our Guidance For Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Income Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted Due To The Uncertainty Regarding, And The Potential Variability Of, The Timing And Amount Of Repurchases. in Non-GAAP Margin First Quarter Fiscal 2024 Guidance is (1) We report non-GAAP financial measures in addition MN % to  and not as a substitute for or superior to  financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. See the section titled "Statement Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures.(2) We may have non-GAAP net income attributable to  Snowflake Inc. for the first quarter of fiscal 2024. As a result we are presenting the weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable to  Snowflake Inc. common sto ckholders - diluted in the non-GAAP column of the table above giving effect to all potentially dilutive securities (s MN to ck options restricted s MN to ck units and employee s MN to ck purchase rights under our 2020 Employee S MN to ck Purchase Plan). These potentially dilutive securities would be excluded from the weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable MN to Snowflake Inc. common s MN to ckholders - diluted if we have non-GAAP net loss attributable MN to Snowflake Inc. In addition the potential impact of our s MN to ck repurchase program is not reflected in our guidance for weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable MN to Snowflake Inc. common s MN to ckholders - diluted due MN to the uncertainty regarding and the potential variability of the timing and amount of repurchases.% MN  .

GF*** The following table summarizes our guidance for the full-year fiscal 2024:.

Product Revenue in GAAP Full-year Fiscal 2024 Guidance Amount(millions) is $2705 MN .
Product Revenue in GAAP Full-year Fiscal 2024 Guidance Year/yeargrowth is 40% .
Product Gross Profit in Non-GAAP Margin Full-year Fiscal 2024 Guidance is 76% .
Operating Income in Non-GAAP Margin Full-year Fiscal 2024 Guidance is 6% .
Adjusted Free Cash Flow in Non-GAAP Margin Full-year Fiscal 2024 Guidance is 25% .
Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Income Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted in Non-GAAP Full-year Fiscal 2024 Guidance is 363 .
We Report Non-GAAP Financial Measures In Addition To, And Not As A Substitute For, Or Superior To, Financial Measures Calculated In Accordance With GAAP. See The Section Titled "statement Regarding Use Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" For An Explanation Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. We May Have Non-GAAP Net Income Attributable To Snowflake Inc. For Full-year Fiscal . As A Result, We Are Presenting The Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Income Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted In The Non-GAAP Column Of The Table Above, Giving Effect To All Potentially Dilutive Securities (stock Options, Restricted Stock Units, And Employee Stock Purchase Rights Under Our Employee Stock Purchase Plan). These Potentially Dilutive Securities Would Be Excluded From The Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Loss Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted If We Have Non-GAAP Net Loss Attributable To Snowflake Inc. In Addition, The Potential Impact Of Our Stock Repurchase Program Is Not Reflected In Our Guidance For Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Income Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted Due To The Uncertainty Regarding, And The Potential Variability Of, The Timing And Amount Of Repurchases. in GAAP Full-year Fiscal 2024 Guidance is (1) We report non-GAAP financial measures in addition MN to  and not as a substitute for or superior to  financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. See the section titled "Statement Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures.(2) We may have non-GAAP net income attributable to  Snowflake Inc. for full-year fiscal 2024. As a result we are presenting the weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable to  Snowflake Inc. common sto ckholders - diluted in the non-GAAP column of the table above giving effect to all potentially dilutive securities (s MN to ck options restricted s MN to ck units and employee s MN to ck purchase rights under our 2020 Employee S MN to ck Purchase Plan). These potentially dilutive securities would be excluded from the weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable MN to Snowflake Inc. common s MN to ckholders - diluted if we have non-GAAP net loss attributable MN to Snowflake Inc. In addition the potential impact of our s MN to ck repurchase program is not reflected in our guidance for weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable MN to Snowflake Inc. common s MN to ckholders - diluted due MN to the uncertainty regarding and the potential variability of the timing and amount of repurchases. MN  .
We Report Non-GAAP Financial Measures In Addition To, And Not As A Substitute For, Or Superior To, Financial Measures Calculated In Accordance With GAAP. See The Section Titled "statement Regarding Use Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" For An Explanation Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. We May Have Non-GAAP Net Income Attributable To Snowflake Inc. For Full-year Fiscal . As A Result, We Are Presenting The Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Income Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted In The Non-GAAP Column Of The Table Above, Giving Effect To All Potentially Dilutive Securities (stock Options, Restricted Stock Units, And Employee Stock Purchase Rights Under Our Employee Stock Purchase Plan). These Potentially Dilutive Securities Would Be Excluded From The Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Loss Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted If We Have Non-GAAP Net Loss Attributable To Snowflake Inc. In Addition, The Potential Impact Of Our Stock Repurchase Program Is Not Reflected In Our Guidance For Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Income Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted Due To The Uncertainty Regarding, And The Potential Variability Of, The Timing And Amount Of Repurchases. in Non-GAAP Full-year Fiscal 2024 Guidance is (1) We report non-GAAP financial measures in addition MN to  and not as a substitute for or superior to  financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. See the section titled "Statement Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures.(2) We may have non-GAAP net income attributable to  Snowflake Inc. for full-year fiscal 2024. As a result we are presenting the weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable to  Snowflake Inc. common sto ckholders - diluted in the non-GAAP column of the table above giving effect to all potentially dilutive securities (s MN to ck options restricted s MN to ck units and employee s MN to ck purchase rights under our 2020 Employee S MN to ck Purchase Plan). These potentially dilutive securities would be excluded from the weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable MN to Snowflake Inc. common s MN to ckholders - diluted if we have non-GAAP net loss attributable MN to Snowflake Inc. In addition the potential impact of our s MN to ck repurchase program is not reflected in our guidance for weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable MN to Snowflake Inc. common s MN to ckholders - diluted due MN to the uncertainty regarding and the potential variability of the timing and amount of repurchases. MN  .
We Report Non-GAAP Financial Measures In Addition To, And Not As A Substitute For, Or Superior To, Financial Measures Calculated In Accordance With GAAP. See The Section Titled "statement Regarding Use Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" For An Explanation Of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. We May Have Non-GAAP Net Income Attributable To Snowflake Inc. For Full-year Fiscal . As A Result, We Are Presenting The Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Income Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted In The Non-GAAP Column Of The Table Above, Giving Effect To All Potentially Dilutive Securities (stock Options, Restricted Stock Units, And Employee Stock Purchase Rights Under Our Employee Stock Purchase Plan). These Potentially Dilutive Securities Would Be Excluded From The Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Loss Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted If We Have Non-GAAP Net Loss Attributable To Snowflake Inc. In Addition, The Potential Impact Of Our Stock Repurchase Program Is Not Reflected In Our Guidance For Weighted-average Shares Used In Computing Net Income Per Share Attributable To Snowflake Inc. Common Stockholders - Diluted Due To The Uncertainty Regarding, And The Potential Variability Of, The Timing And Amount Of Repurchases. in Non-GAAP Margin Full-year Fiscal 2024 Guidance is (1) We report non-GAAP financial measures in addition MN % to  and not as a substitute for or superior to  financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. See the section titled "Statement Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for an explanation of non-GAAP financial measures.(2) We may have non-GAAP net income attributable to  Snowflake Inc. for full-year fiscal 2024. As a result we are presenting the weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable to  Snowflake Inc. common sto ckholders - diluted in the non-GAAP column of the table above giving effect to all potentially dilutive securities (s MN to ck options restricted s MN to ck units and employee s MN to ck purchase rights under our 2020 Employee S MN to ck Purchase Plan). These potentially dilutive securities would be excluded from the weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable MN to Snowflake Inc. common s MN to ckholders - diluted if we have non-GAAP net loss attributable MN to Snowflake Inc. In addition the potential impact of our s MN to ck repurchase program is not reflected in our guidance for weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable MN to Snowflake Inc. common s MN to ckholders - diluted due MN to the uncertainty regarding and the potential variability of the timing and amount of repurchases.% MN  .


A reconciliation of non-GAAP guidance measures to corresponding GAAP guidance measures is not available on a forward-looking basis without unreasonable effort due to the uncertainty regarding, and the potential variability of, expenses that may be incurred in the future. Stock-based compensation-related charges, including employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions, are impacted by the timing of employee stock transactions, the future fair market value of our common stock, and our future hiring and retention needs, all of which are difficult to predict and subject to constant change. We have provided a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in the financial statement tables for our historical non-GAAP financial results included in this release. Our fiscal year ends January 31, and numbers are rounded for presentation purposes.

Stock Repurchase Program. Our Board of Directors has authorized a stock repurchase program of up to $2.0 billion of our outstanding Class A common stock. Repurchases may be effected, from time to time, either on the open market (including via pre-set trading plans), in privately negotiated transactions, or through other transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws. The program will be funded using Snowflake’s working capital and will expire in March 2025. The timing and amount of any repurchases will be determined by management based on an evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The program does not obligate Snowflake to acquire any particular amount of Class A common stock, and the repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time at Snowflake’s discretion.

